Must've dropped them.
I want to do it myself.
I paid 800 yen for this book.
And we just keep telling ourselves, and we do it all the time. 
If we talked, maybe I could have stopped you...
That person must be a computer programmer.
Do you understand me?
who has a problem with me is you.
And I want you to go even further than that. 
Welcome to Tatoeba!
Please relax.
We do this all the time, even on an everyday level. 
The sale prices are written in red ink.
Drop by drop, the water can conglomerate into a lake.
All of them come from Iceland.
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
It is hers, is it not?
Does he still have a temperature?
The Head of Design and Research at Pinterest told me that they've built one of the most diverse and high-performing teams in Silicon Valley because they believe that no one type of person holds a monopoly on talent. 
These books are very precious to us.
You're lightly dressed.
In that case, let's go.
What? I can't hear you.
What would you like to drink?
We have five kinds of kebab.
We had a deal, remember?
And so people always tell me, "I want to get lucky through the network. 
He is a man of virtue.
I need to talk to you about something.
The rat's here! Go call the cat!
Just think you should look at the reality here.
To overnight six packages to Japan is how much?
Yes, I'm a student too.
I hope you have a good trip.
Respecting others is required.
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.
I see that you're a patriot.
Emet doesn't like that woman.
who knows how to take care of his business.
can now stand before you
Hello!
What the cynics fail to understand is that
I will read the book.
Every little bit counts.
If you're really quick, if you're really quick -- and I can prove this -- this is half a towel from the dispenser in this building. 
I am not any more foolish than you are.
I play tennis an hour a day.
how they'll make the mortgage
He admitted that he was guilty.
And you see, some of the bioluminescence they use to avoid being eaten, some they use to attract prey, but all of it, from an artistic point of view, is just positively amazing. 
Sports are good for your health.
I can't find the knife.
I let you into my life,
No other dog is bigger than this.
Let's say this is an anxious thought. 
When I was just about to give everything up after years of suffering, I started to rediscover the true power of music. 
Where'd you come from? "Straight from Urumqi."
Do you have vegetarian pilaf?
I am more beautiful than you.
The people deprived him of his rights.
Uh, beg your pardon, ma'am, but where's Al's office?
He visits those who are sick.
Make that book your basis.
My mother is my jewel.
How long did it take you to write the letter?
Those girls are prostitutes.
He told me an interesting story.
I don't know the details.
I promise you  we as a people will get there.
This particle turns a noun into a verb.
(Music) (Applause) Thank you. 
you are going to lose a lot more than your job.
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
They decided to fight mano-a-mano.
This company was established in 1930.
I guess the dog bites.
I set this up? I'm in here.
I didn't go to the park because it rained.
What? I can't hear you.
- Halt! Who goes there?
The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit
I lost my ticket. What should I do?
The rumor cannot have been true.
I have another sister.
that noble idea
Is it yours?
He's not moving.
He loves you as much as I do.
I will go at 10.
He comes here twice a week.
And what I want to encourage you to do instead is to fight your filters. 
Are you from Urumqi?
our power grows through its prudent use
You should see a doctor.
From tonight?
Just look at you, unable to do such a simple thing.
Like she loved me
This must be changed.
Two male tailors work at the tailor's shop.
It looks like it's rained.
That's my wife, Heidi, who didn't take it as well as I did. 
Fish live in the sea.
Turpan grapes are famous worldwide.
All right, that's as much as I'm going to get done today.
Let's stroll around the bazaar!
I'm thinking of going.
The world is changing every minute.
There's new energy to harness
Helen, this is my cousin.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
This sanza is really good!
It's a grim world.
you made this happen  and I am forever grateful
The teachers teach.
Who left the door open?
Whenever I walk by that teahouse, the boss always comes out to welcome me.
I don't know the details.
but to lay a new foundation for growth
Don't fight fire with fire.
You should work hard if you want to get a good score.
What's the difference between lions and leopards?
but whether it works
Wipe your tears.
And you like helping your friend.
Would you pass me the salt?
No, I'm not a teacher. I'm only a student.
How can we overcome this? 
Good morning!
I'm sorry.
The body was fished out of the pond
Nobody knew that Fadil had converted to Islam.
The people here are good.
If you have time, let's go shopping.
We can't do this.
The customers have started to come.
I'm not in love with anyone.
I like cats.
There's nothing that can be done.
"Dig it up," I said. "Pieces. 
If I get rich, I will buy it.
Yes, as far as I know.
...Will faithfully execute the office of president of the united states,
Tom told Mary not to go there alone.
And where are we with Governor Tancredi?
Where on earth do you expect to find such a good person?
Yeah, well, whatever the case,
Is it still raining?
Give me another cup of tea.
So he works at this factory, huh?
My school has Uighur, Han, Kazakh, Hui, Mongol, Kirghiz, Xibo, Tajik, and Uzbek ethnicities, among others.
We will defeat you.
You must leave.
I feel, uh... I feel joy.
That's what I'm thinking.
What? No, officer, I swear! What?
In any case, he's your big brother.
The movie's about to start.
He promised to write every day.
How should we spend our evenings?
How long did it take you to drive from here to Tokyo?
Who is that man?
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Because he couldn't kill me, I killed him.
We can do that. 
You... you cut his...
Have you ever wanted to write a novel? 
All righty.
I don't agree with you.
You must not smoke.
There you go, you've now finished college.
What can I do for you?
Get back to the "feed me" part.
Governor, I'm sorry to bother you,but, uh,
That's one of the reasons so much of what we've come to think of as Western science and mathematics and engineering was really worked out in the first few centuries of the Common Era by the Persians and the Arabs and the Turks. 
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
At these moments America has carried on not simply
I bought one other book in addition to this one.
Woman: This is it. We're on in two minutes. 
What began 21 months ago
But they forget you.
A child needs love.
- Not quite everyone.
He read the article over and over again.
I completely forgot that there was class today!
Let's look at this objectively.
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
We will restore science to its rightful place
This is one that I loved. 
I'll wait for you.
Tranquilo!
she lived to see them stand up and speak out
Betty is a pretty girl, isn't she?
Are you happy?
Let's order twenty shish kebabs!
When will you go out?
This minibus holds 25 persons.
Can he write this character?
Reading your letter made me happy.
He is present at the meeting.
You can see the difference very easily.
What's the meaning of this word?
Your friend is a good person.
Our country grows stronger day by day.
Who was Number One?
What I wanted to say concerns this particular issue.
She's in the well.
I'd like something to eat.
He claims to have passed the exam.
What?
He came via San Francisco.
I think you're beautiful.
Yes we can.
They're coming right for us.
There is honor even among thieves.
I loaded containers in the warehouse. Never met the guy.
My son, Davey, in the hotel two nights ago. 
There's only two days left.
Do you like this flower?
It sounds like he is going to Kashgar.
Nobody.
She's a bus driver.
Is that your car?
Where did you see the woman?
- What? - The keys,where are they?
I'm gonna propose to Maricruz.
Think of this as a $90,000 bullet.
I have a chest cold.
My girlfriend often cuts my hair.
Was there anybody else?!
That's my daughter and me. 
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
Tom was the first one to recognize Mary's musical talent.
We need a medical team here!
I like cats.
The dog went away.
I've got two cars, but they're both out of service.
Before, I couldn't take my finger off the trigger, but now...
I could use one of those.
Got it?
His son is eight years old.
This shop has all kinds of foreign-language magazines.
So Tony starts doing his homework. 
How come you didn't come?
Who are you?
She just says, "No thank you." 
- No, don't, Buzz!
He has a bicycle.
We have two kids.
She's the vice president of the United States.
Teacher, have you read this book? "Of course."
NBA. Tracy McGrady shooting the ball in the hoop from downtown.
- Here and there. - Mm.
If I take the train today, tomorrow I'll already be in Beijing.
Close the window before going to sleep.
He died of cancer.
Why did you go there?
Where'd that come from? 
they haven't gone far.
Given all the books you've written, would it really be so hard to write a small article?
There are only books on the bookshelf.
Punishing companies for being a good business model
How are your studies?
The train leaves in ten minutes.
You know it, and I know it.
Okay.
Where did you find this wallet?
Both victory and defeat are but an everyday occurrence to a soldier.
That girl playing the piano is my little sister.
Did Marika read the Quran?
He is bankrupt.
I don't deal in the claims people make.
Don't mention it.
Yesterday we had fun.
No.
Last week five students were absent from class.
we find the defendant...
May I come in?
Do you remember?
Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington.
Also, I've answered the question that you asked.
Let's go now.
It looks like it's going to rain.
This is made in Kazakhstan.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask.
A wedding is a significant ceremony.
He encouraged his son to do something great.
Sport is good for your health.
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan.
Hello  Chicago.
Once a war breaks out, both sides are in the wrong.
The lion is an animal.
Memorize it well.
Who is that girl? "That's Keiko."
I can't believe it.
I was very satisfied with this.
My friends invited me to dinner.
he has shown throughout this transition.
stating all space rangers are to be in hypersleep until awakened by authorized personnel.
Get me a towel.
No news has come in from anywhere.
So does this restaurant have pilaf?
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
It is required to come to class on time.
I have no small change about me.
Give me a cigarette.
Halfway there.
And anything you know,
You hear me?
Why don't you do something useful and get me some coffee?
The movie theater was filled with people.
Hit me.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours
when nothing but hope and virtue could survive
Ali is a good person.
My uncle lives near the school.
I need your help, bro.
He knew Uyghur well long before coming to Kashgar.
Because in that moment, there's no mark by Tony's name; it's just the two of us standing there. 
Dolkun has been working very hard lately, and yet isn't able to see even the slightest result.
Allies are like family. We have disagreements,
Here,
It's gonna be a few days before I get the money lined up.
He is a famous artist.
This machine was manufactured in France.
The hawk caught a mouse.
Come!
who seeks a future of peace and dignity,
That guy is so tall!
What?
You shouldn't go.
Did you say things like, "Oh, you're a great resource," or "I owe you one," "I'm obligated to you." 
Don't forget the ticket.
Who are you waiting for?
You're right.
I particularly have no love for the desert donkeys,
You'll be able to see the differences very easily.
Tokyo is a very big city.
Memorize it well.
that as the world grows smaller,
And then to have you do me like that,
Uh-huh.
Oh, god...
Seven different salts. 
He has children.
Why not make amends before you leave, huh?
Come on, let's go to the market together.
I'll call you around five o'clock.
It sounds like you won't be working today.
Memorize it well.
I would never have been that adventurous before I started my 30-day challenges. 
What do you propose?
Tom is a good cook.
My eyes hurt.
Why did you not go to the office?
I talk to her on the phone.
Our challenges may be new
This house is mine.
Well, I don't
That's my view from my window outside of Santa Cruz, in Bonny Doon, just 35 miles from here. 
What Tony sees in that moment is the project of philosophy, the project that begins in wonder -- what Kant called "admiration and awe at the starry sky above and the moral law within." 
and $10 and $20 to the cause.
I think the present moment is so underrated. 
Teachers often buy school supplies with their own money.
Yoko speaks English, doesn't she?
Would you pass me the salt?
That actually might be the wrong word.
There's only two days left.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
We need employers to let go of outdated hiring practices and embrace new ways of identifying and cultivating talent, and candidates can help by learning to tell their story in powerful and compelling ways. 
Please wrap it up.
Congratuation,Mr. President
There you go.
not just with missiles and tanks
I've written an article. Could you take a look and tell me if it's okay?
Thank you for the corrections.
Is that your car?
He went to London in 1970.
We will build the roads and bridges
I know that Nancy likes music.
Emet wasn't able to move those books.
Which way?
There's no soap.
That's my idea.
My father is only fifteen years old.
Why does Urumqi have such cold weather? "Naturally, because it's north of the Tian Shan."
In any case, I've finished writing the article.
What's the news?
Put the carrots in the pot.
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
Need me to take a look at anything?
I have sinned in the past, but when I met you, that
Two male tailors work at the tailor's shop.
Tom lives about three hours from here.
I swim every day.
-That I will execute -the office...faithfully the president office, the president of United States,
There are hundreds of books in his study.
"Could be I'm wrong. I'm tired of being wrong. 
I never touched them.
care they can afford
I don't go on QQ very often.
Do you eat it in the classroom?
I want to know about wrongness itself, the idea of wrong. 
This is a stronger knot. 
I know he was killed last night
This restaurant has pilaf, remember?
Tax cuts are working.
His motion blends right into the background -- the moving rock trick. 
You must stay the night.
I don't care if you got to crap it out.
I study English at school.
It wasn't long.
Of course it's not a problem if you go.
I don't like apples.
Why did you come to Japan?
It wouldn't be within your power.
My father has never been abroad.
We finished the homework in no time at all.
This is Ali's book.
You'd have to ask your accountants, ma'am.
Tom can't speak French without making a lot of mistakes.
Where did you find that doll?
China is much larger than Japan.
As soon as I can afford the ring.
Oh boy...
And the piece de resistance.
I want to learn Greek.
My love, if the food isn't ready by seven o'clock, I'm going to go to the restaurant.
You check over at the Price-Mart?
He is taller than his father.
Yes, as far as I know.
I like traveling.
That's my camera lens. The first one -- the one I shot my Bob Dylan film with 35 years ago. 
Bob will be home at six.
- Where's the remote? Where is the remote ? 
He told us, "Set off at once."
It is raining all the time.
We need to rack our brains some more.
He went away from his father.
Bullseye-- All right, all right.
They'll come at five o'clock?
Can I still visit?
We are required to treat others with sincerity.
This is the one and only thing he can do. He can't do anything else.
If you just listen to what the teacher says, you'll be able to become a good student.
I went off into my room as soon as I entered the house.
when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons --
We have, Your Honor.
No one knows her.
The Prime Minister is to make a statement tomorrow.
For our friendship!
You can express the sentence this way.
What's he saying?
I love you both
I am translating.
He claims to have passed the exam.
She rode a camel.
Are they all the same?
They have something to tell us today
Do you have a timetable?
I had scarcely walked a minute before I met him.
Tom thought that Mary was hiding something from him.
There are some good apples in the basket.
What kind of errand?
We must take protective measures against floods.
This really is a nice-looking briefcase, but it's expensive.
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit, live one day as a tiger.
I don't want to go.
Would you care for another cup of tea?
He died yesterday.
They bought a car.
Well, it seems pretty easy to get to the bottom of this
Knew it would be tough to pay back,
You're even taller than I am.
Give me that book.
As if you actually wrote this book!
What's this?
Stop!
Sir, it's none of my business,
Every time I sort of pushed one down, another one would pop back up again. 
Are you the owner of this house?
You should see a doctor.
The students went on and on asking questions.
I believe that you'll definitely be able to get first place.
It's nothing, don't be afraid!
She passed away two days ago.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace;
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long
I used a knife to cut the cake.
What's your Bosnian name?
Study harder from now on.
Do you know who he is?
I haven't eaten for days.
Now
Apparently, this is what we should do.
She fell in love with the new teacher.
The two of us aren't that good at chess. We're just playing because we felt like it.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
But I don't know how to cook kebabs!
Do you know me?
I gave your car.
John is senior to me by two years.
I won't disappoint you.
What progress will we have made?
Tell me.
Adil is very good at studying, but when it comes to athletics, he's a bit lousy.
She's missing.
Do you keep a diary?
My sister likes sweets.
Turpan grapes are famous worldwide.
There is honor even among thieves.
My brother sends you his regards.
He knows how to recite the Quran.
The idea is actually pretty simple. 
faced down fascism and communism
You're lightly dressed.
The location has changed.
Drink it.
I got up at seven.
If we don't have them...
Each of them are "grace" and "mercy." 
On what business did you come here?
with your skill set, was put in here, you know.
She studied Japanese after dinner.
Yes we can.
I'm doing it for you.
Excuse me.
it's me.
That's your car.
I don't know if we're gonna get a chance, papi.
Now, I use my music to reach people's hearts and have found there are no boundaries. 
X is the unknown because you can't say "sh" in Spanish. 
What? What the hell is going on, sir?!
I didn't do it.
Democrat and Republican
How is your work coming along?
Happy Qurban! "You as well, thank you."
We're getting married.
I'm doing it for you.
I tried to stop that from happening.
We've got to do something.
I'll be back for you later.
They tell me when they're doing pickup basketball games, or my favorite example is when they go to a dog park. 
He's got a thick beard.
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud.
She finally fell asleep.
I hear that you have a meeting today.
There is one way.
She just came home today.
She has a wonderful personality.
I am writing a letter.
in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night.
I hear that you have a meeting today.
What the hell we waiting for?
when nothing but hope and virtue could survive
You're really too kind.
You should apologize.
I go to the bazaar every Sunday afternoon.
It's okay if you go in there and take a seat.
and threaten our planet.
He returned from the workshop.
That ain't gonna cut it.
that I will execute the office of the President to the United States faithfully
We should do that.
You should ask for permission first.
He has a few friends in this town.
You've nothing to worry about.
we do so with a measure of humility
It's very cold here.
Get out!
Which is your bag?
If you have questions, ask away.
That's why we put the display up high, out of your line of sight, so it wouldn't be where you're looking and it wouldn't be where you're making eye contact with people. 
He says he's busy one minute, and then says that he has nothing to do the next.
By the grace of your love, I was a...
He has a daughter who is pretty.
No, that's where you're wrong.
I need you to straighten me out. My head is all messed up and...
Afrikaners are the people originated in South Africa.
You want to be honest.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
You should apologize.
That museum turned out to be huge.
Why are you always avoiding me?
It was built by working men and women
We have many varieties of coffee.
Hey, Buzz! Stop!
I'm a translator.
I don't trust businessmen.
The more you eat Kuqa's apricots, the more of them you'll want to eat.
Everyone looked surprised.
What say you?
Stephen Colbert is a pretty crazy guy.
What do you mean?
Is this your bike?
You get that, and it's like a slap in the face. 
You must stay the night.
What's your friend's name?
His goal is not to earn money.
Captain...
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.
Now males, when they fight, if they're really aggressive, they turn white. 
There are many people like this in the world. Normally, they're not brave. After getting drunk, they turn brave.
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
I want you to look in your email in-box, and I want you to look at the last time you asked somebody for a favor. 
The comfort the music gave me was just indescribable, and it was a real eye-opening experience for me too, and it totally changed my perspective on life and set me free from the pressure of becoming a successful violinist. 
I must have made a mistake.
This is the same mind that we depend upon to be focused, creative, spontaneous, and to perform at our very best in everything that we do. 
I will do everything I can to go.
Are you at home?
More and more physicians have begun to use the new medicines.
What you say is true.
Can I borrow your umbrella?
It doesn't happen here.
It rained a lot last year.
And will,to best of my ability
I make €100 a day.
How should we spend the evening?
Please say ‘yes’!
This novel was written by a famous American writer.
Now I know we learned that in math class, but now it's everywhere in the culture -- The X prize, the X-Files, Project X, TEDx. 
I hear that you'll have a meeting today.
Hey,Joe, you're late. We got a ton of toys to unload in the back.
Why does he look black?
Tired as he was, he went on working.
but on the reach of our prosperity
The preparations won't take any time at all.
If someone comes looking for me, would you please tell them that I'm not in?
These books are new.
Sometimes we actually buy ourselves a second-class ticket to travel our social universe. 
And so to all other peoples and governments
When researchers talk about social hubs, what makes a social hub so special is you can't choose; you can't predict who you're going to meet in that place. 
The work was completed in under half an hour.
Let's go now. Otherwise, we'll be late.
She knows many proverbs.
Are you studying?
It's almost over.
this guy lives up the road.
It sounds like they're going to Kashgar.
And that's felony murder -- 25 to life, parole at 50 if you're lucky, and Tony's not feeling very lucky. 
How many of you are there?
The total comes to 3,000 yen.
I need new shoes.
What would you like to drink?
This movie follows the book's plot exactly.
What time do you get up?
He's someone who keeps his promises.
I will explain it for you.
This gift is for my friend.
Wake up at seven, please.
If this doesn't work out,I just want you to know, I...
This is his daughter we're talking about.
The air conditioner is out of order.
He likes finding faults in others.
You two in the hall today.
The Communist Party is the vanguard of the working class.
I know.
How is your family?
Only Obama knows that.
We live in an incredibly busy world. 
I stopped coughing after two days.
We had each other
That's all bioluminescence. Like I said: just like fireflies. 
I read his book.
She made me a nice dress.
I suddenly needed a car.
Just survive.
I am very dangerous.
My brother Jacques is fourteen years old.
We'll meet wherever you want.
For they have forgotten what this country has already done
They are generally located in Switzerland, France, and in Belgium, as well.
Except every time I look at you,
You should apologize.
Hey, listen!
I heard that you're not going home either.
But we also need to know how to approach it in the right way to get the best from it. 
You can express the sentence this way.
Oh my God
I thank President Bush for his service to our nation
I switched to Google Chrome and it worked.
You've overdone it.
What else?
And I will press that button if you don't start talking!
The transportation in this city is very convenient.
He is present at the meeting.
I want to accept Islam.
She asked about the others.
You had better not copy off others.
Jessie, Woody! You stop this at once!
Away from the front. Safest place you could be.
This word isn't used like that.
And you get half a towel. 
I tried to stop that from happening.
I don't work here anymore.
She went to the bus stop, and the bus took off.
This class consists of forty pupils.
I will certainly need a car.
Thank God it's Friday!
or blame their societys ills on the West
Tursun took a carrot or something of the sort from the fridge.
Scatter, you chickens!
I'm writing a book.
Does this car belong to you?!
Are you studying?
Either you go, or I go.
There are four men and three women in our house.
He was opposed to monopolies.
But  America  I have never been more hopeful
She got your number from the consulate.
You shouldn't talk to him.
I returned home by train.
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
You'll do it yourself.
Muhammad Ali was an American boxer.
He's an American citizen.
Polluting isn't good for improving the environment.
Why?
These shoes are hers.
This stunt... by Lincoln Burrows' defense counsel
There's just one day left.
who have carried us up the long,rugged path
How much for this carpet?
so the years went by
an origami crane,
Are you alone?
- How are we gonna get up there?
What did you do then?
I didn't do it on purpose.
What are you interested in?
They are eating a sandwich.
My uncle lives near the school.
That's unusual.
Follow me into the room.
We can assist you in every possible way
I'm sure that we would be able to do this properly if we discuss it with the professor.
I drank coffee.
You always shake like that?
- Well, if you knew him, you'd understand. You see, Andy's a-- 
We put sugar in our tea.
You better buy that book.
What was in it?
Otherwise, they, uh...
His mother died four years later.
to nourish starved bodies and feed hungry minds
Yes?
Do you eat meat?
Having finished eating this one thing, he didn't eat any of the others.
Before that I played with my sister in the park.
Listening to classical music and studying complement one another.
The bus will be here shortly. Please wait a bit.
One needs to work hard to get a good score.
We play tennis after school.
I study from eight to eleven.
The two of us split up last year.
In fact, we spend more time looking after our cars, our clothes and our hair than we -- okay, maybe not our hair, (Laughter) but you see where I'm going. 
I don't like this one.
And my students hate this.
It turns out that they went to the cinema the day before yesterday.
So, the guy replies, "Yeah, I know, I know. 
This book is about life in the Soviet Union.
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?
He shaved.
I think my heartbeat might be the Morse code for inappropriate. 
Our boss organized today's clean-up.
We're Tom's parents.
Are you from Kashgar as well?
Please, lend him some more aid!
Your dog is here.
He's the best looking man in the prison, right?
I am very tired after a class.
Musa is an interesting guy.
What kind of food do you have?
Come to my house.
Dollars! Oh! You are deliberately taking advantage of people in a hurry. You know that?
Hello, how are you?
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
I just saw something moving.
This watch is waterproof.
Is this bag yours or his?
Stop!
Tom threw Mary's book into the fire.
Help!
First, soon, and then a lot. 
She lies here beside me.
If it rains, please call me.
"Cat." 
If you smile, I'll be happy.
He revealed the secret to her.
Glad she got out when she did, huh?
I couldn't come because it rained.
Where have you been?
these things are old
Do you know me?
It sounds like you have class on Saturdays as well.
What is happiness?
You seem an honest man.
I took the bus back.
There isn't any water in the well.
I'm free tonight.
He was opposed to monopolies.
How boring.
endured the lash of the whip and plowed the hard earth.
Do you like eating fish?
Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
Do you come here every day?
fire her up.
The car was full of Tatars.
I'll call you around five o'clock.
The computer is new.
The dog was hit by a truck.
Let's order twenty kebabs!
And this is the Buzz Lightyear aisle.
You don't understand. He'll kill you.
Really look at them closely. 
Only you and dr. Tancredi were left at the end of the night.
My arms can't hold on much longer!
the knowledge that God calls on us
Those are values that we all share.
a wall came down in Berlin
I do not watch television.
And something changes for Tony. 
Where the answer is no
People grow more cynical with age.
God willing...
About six years ago I decided that I would learn Arabic, which turns out to be a supremely logical language. 
Cut the potatoes.
Thank you.
Do you love me?
Stop!
Cold.
And my small startup is looking to force ourselves into the environment by paying attention to ... 
Where are you staying? "At that hotel."
so I hear.
Approaching destination. Reengaging gravity.
should you ever decide, say... to break out of here.
In case you sleep, set the alarm.
Let me join in the game.
Is it yours?
Hell, ponytail alone. 
I'll make a phone call.
This babysitter only babysits children.
Let's move.
One must work hard to get a good score.
Their equipment is extremely advanced.
What a friend you are!
We put sugar in our tea.
I have a chest cold.
They set out at the rooster's call.
He was standing at the side of the road.
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.
I want to get a new job. I want to get a great opportunity." 
When do you usually get off work?
What do you want from the future?
Help!
I like spoons.
The chance is gone.
These doors are locked down every night when we leave.
I've been in China for less than a month.
I'm going to die tomorrow, and so I won't be free the day after.
What?
to storm a stairway filled with smoke
One: expand your search. 
No.
You didn't eat this morning. Of course you're hungry.
No, thanks. I am tired.
We sugar our tea.
Where are you staying? "At that hotel."
They have just arrived.
I live in Hyogo.
How about some chocolate cheese?
"Oh, I didn't realize I was worried about that." 
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person.
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
Where are you staying? "At that hotel."
- Open the door! - Hey, hey, hey, okay, okay!
And if a weapon was found, then that lends
I came here to play soccer.
The United States is a republic.
I will certainly need a car.
Your examination results are excellent.
Where is the bank?
it is precisely this spirit that must inhabit us all.|
I'm satisfied with my work.
We must take protective measures against floods.
All righty.
You see some trees in front of the school.
I'd like to go to Hawaii as well.
You must come here tomorrow.
Where did you get that?
I move them around from seat to seat. 
You are too kind to me.
Calm down.
He returned from the workshop.
It wasn't me.
He's a friend of my brother's.
It's always darkest before the dawn.
He lives in Osaka.
Jews and Hindus
Is this bag yours or his?
We're having some guests over this evening.
What should I do?
Well, what a good idea.
We shouldn't have done this.
sound the alarm.
I often converse with her.
Whom did you buy?
As if you actually wrote this book!
And I've got a dozen more coming.
I have a dictionary.
They've worked hard to look beyond major tech hubs and focus on designers' portfolios, not their pedigrees. 
Do you know me?
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?
What else?
Are you ten years old?
Michael....you are where you are because of your brother.
I've already come here before.
He is lying on the bench.
Of course that's the way it is!
Do you come here every day?
So what if I lost?
He didn't fear death.
I did this for you.
Some guy already approached me.
I have a laser, and I will use it.
My father is a doctor.
I met Teacher Dolkun through Alexander.
She's been over to your place, right?
I am a student.
Come on, if you had to choose.
Why am I so tall? someone asked his father. The father answered him: "Because you're my son, of course."
That's my house. 
Oh! Really?
She has a very enviable position.
And I will be your president  too.
This is the journey we continue today
More than what me and them have been having for the last two years, man.
So, uh, how long is this gonna take?
And without rules, we're nothing but savages.
Tom threatened Mary.
Why did you come to Japan?
That's bull.
Don't come late, okay?
That won't do us any good.
Like if I smoked, I'd probably just smoke instead. 
It sounds like you won't be working today.
This story is based on facts.
The post office is just next to the bank.
Captain, the dogs picked up a trail.
What should I buy?
My food is cheap.
We all know that he's the richest man in our city.
Our economy is badly weakened,
Should it be by just walking around looking down? 
I don't get it.
I'll still go to the park even if it rains.
You know how she feels about you.
Hey, guys. Why did the toys cross the road?
- Tell me I wasn't this deluded. 
Enough, I said.
Please water the flowers.
I can also run on par with Adil.
You're absolutely sure?
Are you studying?
You should take the number 5 bus.
How do I gain weight?
Go!
Thank you. 
This is one that commiserates with you. 
Sports are good for your health.
We're close, papi.
Is it safe to stay here?
It's not the time but the will that you lack.
Just not good at making friends, are you?
What part of "move on" don't you get?
the heartache and the hope;
Why does Urumqi have such cold weather? "Naturally, because it's north of the Tian Shan."
They were thinking of more diverse people than the higher-status people. 
Polluting isn't good for improving the environment.
I relied on him.
What's going on?What's going on?
Behind the wheel,cro-magnon.
This really is a nice-looking briefcase, but it's expensive.
Yes, uh, I-I have the pictures right here.
If you just listen to what the teacher says, you'll be able to become a good student.
I don't want to help you.
The new year will begin.
It is clear. I'll gonna pop back
He is Taro's brother.
His father failed in business.
When do you usually get off work?
Reading your letter made me happy.
I've heard about recruiters who are quick to label a candidate a job-hopper based on a single short stint on their resume; read about professors who are more likely to ignore identical messages from students because their name was black or Asian instead of white. 
Let's hurry up.
So is that not right?
I built this house with my own hands.
I've never been there.
I live in Milan.
The kitchen is not a suitable place for arguments. Too many knives.
He's digging his own grave.
